From your perspective then it it is
likely that there is some set of men in
the world in the world of men who move
through
Epstein's mansion, Epstein's island and
so on who are guilty who are guilty of
essentially having girls traffic to them
and part you know having sex with minors
and so on whose names whose names have
have not who have not been successfully
accused in a court of law.
>> That's correct.
>> Okay.
So the next question, what do you think
about the evidence and speculation that
Epstein intended to blackmail people?
Because that again is sort of the next
the next phase of the theorizing is that
Epstein wasn't just trying to sort of
woo and you know befriend these men, but
he also liked the idea of having dirt on
the people who had done bad things
around him. I I think he did, but I
don't think he blackmailed people
directly like that. I mean, if you just
really think about it, if you send a
girl over to have sex with one of these
men, I it's not like you write it down
or that you you know, I don't believe he
had a list. I just think that he he used
these uh women, girls and women as pawns
in order to ingratiate himself with
people that he wanted to do business
with. It was a business transaction to
him. That's what this was. I don't think
that he um had this operation where he
was, you know, essentially saying, "If
you don't do this for me, I'm going to
reveal that you had sex with soand so."
I don't think it was like that in in
that traditional sense. But if you're a
man and you know that you've been doing
this,
>> you know, and he knows that you know,
right?
>> Exactly. And I think it was more like
that. But I don't think it was a
official or a outright blackmail scheme
like that. I think it was more like he
knows this about me, maybe I better, you
know, do this.
>> So then that that leads into the next
sort of open question, right? Which is
Epstein's alleged ties to intelligence
agencies, meaning I think in practice
either American intelligence agencies or
the MSAD in Israel. And here we were
talking earlier about um Epstein's
lenient plea deal and why Alex Aosta
ended up giving him the plea deal. There
is a now famous secondhand quote from
Aosta where um he is reported by someone
else in the first Trump administration
to have said oh he was told to back off
Epstein because Epstein belonged to
intelligence. Acasta has never publicly
corroborated that that quote and there
have been other instances where he said
he didn't know anything about Epstein's
intelligence connections. But
>> first, do you think that some form of
the intelligence world and Epstein's
connections to it entered in at all to
why he got off light the first time or
anything like that?
>> I don't know. And I don't think we
anybody really knows except the people
that in the government that have these
files. And I think that's in part one of
the unanswered questions uh about
Epstein because I I just don't know. I
know there's a lot of supposition about
that, but as you said, you know, I try
to stick to the facts and so it's just
something we don't know for sure.
>> Yeah. I mean, but I think I I'm drawing
on your your view, your skepticism about
the blackmail narrative,
>> right? There's sort of two two
intelligence stories you could tell. In
one, Epstein is literally an agent of an
intelligence agency trying to gather
dirt on famous people to get them to do
what the US government wants or what the
Israeli government wants. That's sort of
the most extreme. In the second one,
which I find somewhat more plausible,
Epstein is operating in a world where,
you know, Les Wexner, his his patron, is
a a Zionist and a supporter of Israel.
Robert Maxwell uh had connections to
Israeli intelligence. So that you know
this is a world of people who overlap
with Israeli intelligence and maybe
Epstein is useful as sort of a conduit
of information these kind of things
right but it's not that he's being run
as a kind of enttrapment ring um that's
that's sort of where where I am if if we
don't think that Epstein was running
actual blackmail operations then the
idea that he is sort of doing some kind
of fullscale intellig igence operation
is seems much less likely.
>> Well, let me put it to you this way.
You're talking about what's plausible
and what's not plausible. It's the job
of our government to find out what's
plausible or what's real and what's not
real. And the question here, if we're
talking about things that we don't know
and things that maybe we should look
into, the question is is here. There
certainly was enough there uh that the
federal government, the DOJ at some
point should have launched a counter
inelligence investigation into what was
true and on that end or not. We've known
long enough uh of this uh Costa
statement that he made. We've we know
they've heard everything that we've
heard that we've just talked about. So I
we we don't know the answer to those
questions, but it's the job of our
federal government to to look into those
kinds of things. And at some point, one
would hope that they did look into some
of that. We just don't know whether they
did or not.
>> Good. So that brings me to either my
last or next to last unanswered
question, right? Which is what do you
think, if anything, the government has
in its possession, the Department of
Justice or anyone else that could shed
further light on this case?
>> Well, they absolutely have files that
they can release. Uh uh they could
release his autopsy report, for example.
Uh they could release uh his plane
records, for example, the FAA records of
where he flew. Uh they could redact the
names of victims, but they could release
information gathered by the US Marshall
Service, which was supposed to monitor
him. He was a convicted sex offender,
but yet he was allowed to fly his plane
all over the world, come back into the
United States with girls or young women
aboard his plane uh on a regular basis.
So, this is to me more of a story not
necessarily about Epstein, but about our
government and what our government did
or didn't do. This was a man that was
allowed uh to to abuse girls and women
for two decades. How did that happen and
why did it happen to me is the question.
Epstein is sort of the the character in
this. But really these questions I think
the public and especially the victims
did deserve to know whether our
government did the job that they were
supposed to do.
>> When people talk about the ex the
Epstein files, right, this kind of term
of art that gets that gets thrown
around. Some of what you're suggesting
sounds more like you think the
government needs to, you know, look at
material that it already has, but
effectively create a new set of Epstein
files. Say we're going to we're going to
we're going to go digging and find new
information.
>> But do we know maybe they did do that?
We don't know what they did and didn't
do. It's possible they did do a counter
intelligence operation. It's possible
they did look into some of these leads
that they uh received about what he was
doing. These are just some of the
questions. It it's not when they say
release the Epstein files, you are
correct. They might not be able to
release these all these files and it
might not be appropriate for them to do
so. But to completely shut down the case
the way that they are saying that's it,
nothing to see here. I think u it it
does the public a disservice because
they people want answers about how this
man was able to operate like this for so
long.
And when you say things could be things
could be released that wouldn't be
appropriate, that means that there's
there's a there's a set of information
and material that involves both victims
and maybe alleged perpetrators u also
just people who are connected to
Epstein, right? And there's some of that
that presumably can't be released
without betraying the victims
themselves, right? Right.
>> And some of that you wouldn't want to
release because you'd be effectively
releasing hearsay and rumor about public
figures who haven't actually been
charged with a crime. Right. Those seem
like both impediments to some kinds of
release that people want.
>> That's correct. But there's still a
whole set of information that they could
uh release. For example, the FBI has a
lot of files that are there um online in
their vault, what they call the vault.
And for the most part, when you click on
those files, they're either filled with
wall-to-wall gobblygook codes or they
are reports from the FBI from their
investigation way back in 2005
where they they're kind of giving status
reports on the investigation. Those
reports are heavily redacted. Even
Epstein's own name is redacted in some
of these reports. that investigation
from back then, what they did and what
they knew and when they knew it.
Certainly those some of those files
could be looked at again and unredacted
so that people can see exactly what
happened. But I think that it's just a
place where nobody wants to go. These
are very powerful men, important men and
and possibly even quite frankly GOP or
Democratic donors.
>> Okay. And now Trump himself. Um,
what what do you think? Now we're going
to enter the realm of speculation, but
Trump, it's not just that the Trump
administration has sort of shut down the
investigation or shut, you know, said,
"Well, we've disclosed everything we can
disclose." It's that Trump has come out
swinging, right? Saying, you know, this
is a hoax. This is, you know, he's he's
essentially treating a story that had
been taken up by a big part of his own
base as a story that, you know, he wants
to not just sort of ignore, but like
publicly discredit. First, what is your
understanding of Trump's connections to
Epstein?
>> Yeah. And I'd like to stick with what I
know because
>> Well, we know. Yeah. Stick with what you
know there. He he was friends with
Epstein in the 1990s and they were in
the same social circles together. Um and
you know we we see the video of him at a
party at Mara Lago. Uh my understanding
is the falling out was uh two things
that led to the falling out. one that he
uh Epstein hit on a uh a member's
daughter at Mara Lago and he was banned
from Epste was banned from Mara Lago and
the other
>> once once again Donald Trump is standing
up for sexual ethics in America. Yes,
that's good. And the the other uh
involved a real estate transaction of
course money where they were bidding on
the same property very um big property
and um Epstein lost and and Trump won
the deal and so they had a falling out
over that property. So those were the
two things that uh but up until then
Trump had been flying on Epstein's
plane. Um he entertained some of
Epstein's family at one of his casinos.
So they were somewhat friendly.
>> So now, so then, and again, I don't want
to make you speculate too much, but then
to you watching
Trump essentially say, "It's time to
bury this story. It's time to get my own
supporters to move on from it," and so
on, that looks like to you just a desire
similar to the desire of prosecutors not
to have to deal with potential fallout
from other names coming coming out. What
What's is that your reading?
>> I don't know. It doesn't make any sense
to me to be honest with you. I I really
honestly don't know. It doesn't make any
sense that you would uh you know promote
doing this and saying you're going to do
it over and over again and have the
people that you appoint go forward with
going public on you know on TV in a very
public way promising to do something and
then to to switch gears like that. I I
really honestly don't know why he would
do something like that. Um I you know I
just don't
>> He gave he gave an interview during the
campaign uh I think during the campaign
right where he said something like he
was asked about the files and in part of
the answer he said well we're going to
release you know we should release
something but then he said uh you know
but you don't want to release things
that aren't true.
>> Right.
>> Right. And and my perception was always
that other people in his coalition were
much more enthusiastic about this story
that it was never this was never one of
Trump's obsessions. This was something
his supporters were obsessed with. So it
didn't surprise me that
you know in the end they didn't want to
do some version of even what you're
describing and say ah you know we're
going to go back and find a bunch of
other records to to release. That
doesn't surprise me. I am surprised
though by the the vehements of um of
Trump's reaction to the negative
reaction. That that is something
something of a mystery. Um
okay. I've been trying to cover the
unanswered questions. Do you have any
other specific questions that you would
like answered?
I I wish I understood why our government
isn't treating this like the crime that
it is. It's it's a serious crime that
happened here. I don't think there's any
dispute. I mean, let's you know, this is
this is something that actually
happened. This isn't a hoax. This
happened to these women uh when they
were very young. And I I just it it it
is surprising to some degree that
they're treating this as such a a
political issue and not treating it like
it should be treated, which is as a
crime. And if the files are
unsatisfactory, don't contain credible
evidence, then maybe they need to look a
little deeper. Maybe the answer is, uh,
we still have questions and we're going
to look into this more. But that's not
the answer they gave. The answer they
gave was there's nothing here. There's
nothing more to investigate. We're done
with this story. And I think the the the
answer should be uh obviously the public
has a lot of an uh questions and the
victims still want justice. So we're
going to look at this a little further.
>> But in but in the end for that for that
to be worth doing, right? Epstein
himself is dead. So the assumption, your
assumption in making this argument, and
I I think it's a very compelling
argument, but the core of the argument
is there are other people out there who
are guilty.
>> That's correct.
>> Of of Epstein's crimes who should who
should face justice and haven't.
>> Yes. Yeah. Let me be clear. Epstein did
not do this all by himself. He barely
tied his shoes by himself. He had
butlers and assistants doing everything
for him, including his compiling of his
contact list, his musical playlists. He
had people doing that for him, his
computers. He had lots of people helping
him. And uh so he did not do this alone.
There were other people helping him. And
there were other men who he sent some of
these women to.
>> Julie K. Brown, thank you so much. It's
been a pleasure. Thank you.